All right welcome back my student.
So in this lecture here we're going to be starting with this functionality right.
Well we one here is basically we want the user to come from Logan and they forgot in their past we're
one then to type in their email.
We got to go into our system and we're going to check for that email address.
And then depending if we find the e-mail address we're going to send the user a link so they can reset
their password.
All right.
So we're going to be a pretty cool functionality I want you to get really excited right because you're
going to be learning some really cool stuff in this new section here.
But anyway let's start right away.
Right.
And let's do it.
So let's go to the recovery that BHB and this is what we're going to be putting our
our function.
All right.
So we're not going to do validation here because we only have one field maybe a little bit about the
nation not too much.
All right.
So let's go to functions that BHB
And as crazy Put it will come in here real quick
a recover password
password.
Let's write it down.
Recover password
or you can name something else.
Those have to be recovered.
Right now they're now recovery and password but we're just going to name ideas for now.
You can name it whatever you want something that sounds good for you.
All right important thing is to learn how to do this.
So the first thing is that we are going to be using is making sure that reform works right and we do
that all the time and we say request method is equal to what topos right.
And we're going to be using a really cool helper functions that I told you that we were going to be
using.
All right.
But anyway before we do that let's make sure that we're getting something out.
It works right.
Let's go and put this there to our recovery that BHB.
Let's just take all this out of here.
We don't need this stuff here for now.
All right.
So where are you going to be putting this stuff.
Let's just do it right here.
Right.
Save it here and let's check it out.
It works.
All right so we know he works now.
So why is the helper function that I was telling you about.
Well let's go and find out and go all the way to the top and talking generator.
Remember that beautiful.
So let me show you what a token generator can do.
Let's go back to recover that BHB and right here we have a fee.
Aid and input that is type hidden so nobody can see this.
All right now we got to be actually using this function right here.
We're going to aquittal like this.
Actually let me see if it already has actually doesn't have that.
So we have to work it out.
So Eckl talking generator was that going to do.
Well let's see let's see eating action.
Let's refresh Let's write Let's check page source and right now you can see the value here has a whole
bunch of strings.
And this is already encrypted.
When the five unique ID random and if we refresh again look at these numbers are right 0 3 and F.D.
at the end refresh.
You can see that each change again every time I refresh it gives me a different number.
So that's why we won.
Right.
Because we are going to be checking on this forum to see this is the same.
All right.
That is on this form at the moment when they submit that.
So that way no software can go in trying to do this later from another place.
All right.
So more information from another bat software or something like that.
So anyway so that's our talking generator there.
So let's actually test for that real quick before we go to the next lecture.
So we remember that we are setting a session as a matter of fact with that function right.
So let's check in.
So a session is set talking.
All right.
Pam this make this a little stronger post.
Remember we are also
sending a post talking but if the post talking is equal to session talking then we can do something
and that's crazy secure isn't it.
Right.
That would be just crazy.
Let's just refresh.
On functions 575.
What did I do here.
If it said session talking.
Oh you know what I forgot my this here and this you have only one here.
We should have this here.
Let's use right let's put some comments here functions and getting too excited too fast.
All right pulls up requests.
All right.
Let's put that in the middle there.
All right let's check in right now let's go back to refresh Now if we said it works.
All right.
So now or evaluations are working for that specific form that is crazy secure guys.
And tell everybody that Edwin Diaz show you how to do this is pretty awesome right.
So in the next lecture we're going to continue working on this when I pull out that e-mail from there
and we're going to verify to make sure that that e-mail is the same one for that specific user.
And if it is then we're going to you know validate this stuff.
So perfect you're doing really good if you're following me here.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture.